Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card.en.md

> > This documentation uses the new library version. To see the previous version, go to [integrate credit card payment with MercadoPago.js V1 section](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/v1/receiving-payment-by-card).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This documentation uses the new library version. To see the previous version, go to [integrate credit card payment with MercadoPago.js V1](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/v1/receiving-payment-by-card) section.
```

### 2. Add payment form

> To capture all the card data, first provide a form to load all the information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before capturing the card data, provide a form to load all the information.
```
